---
title: Introduction
description: Unlock your potential with a beautiful designed yet powerful flashcard application. And it's Open Source!
icon: 'lucide:info'
---

## Motivations

[Meeio](https://meeio.fr) was created as an alternative to [Anki](https://apps.ankiweb.net/). I wanted to use a modern looking flashcard application to learn various topics but was not able to find any thing that fit my needs. So i created Meeio. This is how the project began in 2023.

## What is Meeio?

Meeio is a beautiful designed yet powerful flashcard application. It was created with the goal of providing a modern and simple to use interface while still being powerful enough to handle all your flashcard needs. Meeio is open source and free to use. You can find the source code on [Github](https://github.com/meeio-app)

## Why Meeio?

Meeio is designed with the user in mind. It is simple to use and has a modern interface that is easy on the eyes. Meeio is also powerful enough to handle all your flashcard needs, whether you are a student or a professional. Meeio is also open source, so you can customize it to fit your needs.

## Features

- Beautiful and modern interface
- Powerful flashcard creation and editing tools
- Most advanced spaced repetition algorithm
- Open source

## How it works

- Create some containers to organize your flashcards
- Add flashcards with atomic piece of information
- Practice them using the [Free Spaced Repetition Scheduler](https://github.com/open-spaced-repetition/fsrs4anki/wiki) v4.5 algorithm

## Getting Started

To get started with Meeio, create a free account and you are good to go. That's all you need to start using Meeio.
